I don't know how the hell anyone can
support black lives matter at this point
because it's clear that they're a racist
terrorist organization reading every
word of this set of guiding principles
black lives matter completely fails
communicate to you either positively
what it is they're trying to accomplish
or negatively what means and what
methods they refuse to employ all those
issues you got to sit down and writing
in the Constitution and then they become
in some ways a barrier to entry or they
set up a clear line where when someone
in your organization says something
that's way over the line someone in your
organization says something racist
violent offensive something that
discredits you you can say hey what they
said does not represent us does not
represent what our organization is about
and if you don't believe me just read
the Constitution baddest yen black lives
matter is an organization I've been
asked to comment on many times for many
many many months I think it's been more
than a year down I lose track of time
they hate white people they hate cops
especially white cops and they use fear
intimidation and violence to push their
political agenda which is the definition
of terrorism look guys at the end of
this video I'm gonna talk about my own
bias I'm gonna talk about why anyone
would care about what I have to say
about this topic given that I am a white
Canadian Jew who's been involved mostly
with the politics of Asia for most of
his life a little bit in the politics of
First Nations people native peoples of
Canada however you want to put it Native
Americans as you say in the USA so it's
not my issue it's not my fight it's not
my area of expertise
I'm disclaiming here I'm not an expert
but if you give this video five minutes
you might decide that I actually have a
unique voice that's worth listening to
for all of five minutes
stay with me here one of my fellow
vegans vegan gains made a video recently
harshly castigating and denouncing black
lives matter primarily because of their
use of violence
[Music]
and secondarily because of some really
extreme statements that their own
leaders have made so there's a black
lives matter founder tweeting about how
she just really wants to fucking kill
white people but particularly white men
this isn't just an isolated incident
many many many members of black lives
matter have made violent racist
statements on social media and some of
them have even been prosecuted it's open
season on killing white people and cops
it's unavoidable
so leaders in the movement in black
lives matter as an organization gets not
about a concept this is about a real
organization that has employees that
rights people paychecks that has a
budget and apparently George Soros and a
number of other donors have provided
them with more than 100 million more
than 100 million US dollars that's
reported in many ostensibly respectable
publications so I choose to believe
that's a real number we don't know
what's the problem with black lives
matter it's very very easy to say what
vegan gains says it is very very easy to
take specific over-the-top statements by
their leaders by their followers by
criminals who murder people and claim to
be connected to black lives matter but
that the murders aren't specifically
endorsed by black lives matter these two
men Frederick young and falando hunter
were sentenced on this day to life in
prison without parole for robbing
torturing murdering the two teens yet
when young had his chance to apologize
the families he did nothing of the sort
I like to say sorry to defend Vienna
Jones Michael
Eric Gardner and I want to apologize for
not being able to get justice for their
loved ones who was murdered in Coppola
and in respect for the peaceful protest
I want to say hands up don't shoot for
that guy's matter it's very easy to take
this constellation of isolated points of
light and say this is black lives matter
this is the problem but on the other
side it's very easy for people to
dismiss those claims and say no those
are just a few bad apples excuses like
that can go on for decades they can go
on for centuries the whole history of
communism the whole history of socialism
is composed of people who are willing
and eager to tell you that even if
Stalin killed millions of people
even if Lenin killed millions of people
aa few bad apples few exceptions to the
rule these are just a few points of
light and and don't draw any lines
connecting them no no no let's keep it
all vague let's pretend that we're just
talking about isolated individuals and
that we can't judge what the
organization is really about what the
ideology is really about we can't come
to any firm conclusions on the basis of
what these people are saying in
isolation okay so the left-wing
especially has a problem with that let's
just acknowledge anyone who comes into
the background in communism or socialism
they are used to making excuses that but
exactly their kind how do we judge black
lives nor how should we judge them as an
organization and conversely how should
the organization define itself as
something that is to some extent
different from and to some extent
connected to those individual points of
light the answer is dirt simple people
whether you call it a constitution or a
guiding principles document every
organization every political party what
even at the boring old Liberal Party of
Canada the Conservative Party you need
to have a document that defines what
your party is and what your party isn't
the negative definition the definition
of what your political movement excludes
is always more important than the
positive definition of what you're
trying to accomplish I would defy you
right now look up the constitution of
the Liberal Party of Canada you know
you're going to find there's
almost no positive definition in there
what is liberalism couldn't we all just
sit down and write an essay right now
about the answer what is liberalism what
is the philosophy of the Liberal Party
of Canada and you are not gonna find
that in the constitution of Liberal
Party of Canada but you're gonna find a
number of negative statements basically
like there against racism there against
homophobia they completely exclude
homophobia so anyone who comes into
their party and wants to run for office
let's say they get a conservative
Christian preacher who's gonna run from
if he starts making statements against
homophobia he gets kicked out of the
party that's significant right these are
the hard limits to what the party will
and will not represent what would
methods they will and will not use if
you're starting a vegan organization I
implore you you have to explicitly say
what is your position on violence and
non-violence in protest and otherwise
otherwise when someone in your group
says something violent or does something
violent how do you define yourself as an
organization as something separate from
and yet linked to the individuals who
call themselves your followers who call
themselves your leaders the people who
are maybe out there on the street
chanting slogans the people who may be
out there in the street committing real
crimes in your name and who may be
asking for your money your 100 million
dollars from George Soros your support
okay black lives matter they do have a
constitution they have their so-called
document of guiding principles here's
the problem folks it's vague as hell it
uh Turley fails to either communicate
the road to the future they want it
totally fails to describe specific legal
changes a vision of the future they're
trying to accomplish and it also fails
to tell you what it is they exclude it
has some positive sounding vague titles
like restorative justice black villages
and loving engagement okay the problem
with these that's all look sounds great
restorative justice loving engagement
empathy you can read this okay so these
are the headings section by section in
their constitution and then you can look
at the news footage of people literally
shouting for murder on the streets
literally chanting that they want to
kill cops
in the streets you say no no no no these
people they can't possibly represent the
core principles of black lives matter
black lives matter is about empathy
loving engagement restorative justice
right so let's actually read what it
says
empathy quote we are committed to
practicing empathy we engage comrades
with the intent to learn about and
connect with their context close quote
what does that mean does that expects
does that express to you a positive
vision of what the future should be the
road ahead how they're going to get
there the methods they are going to use
or does it express to you negatively
what they're not going to do the lines
they won't cross what they refuse to
does it express to you something firm
enough that you could say to one of
their leaders when they make a tweet or
they make a statement on Facebook or
they give a lecture at a microphone when
they say something racist and pro
violence something extreme because they
know you're crossing the line
because in our constitution it says
we're an organization that's about
empathy it's open season on killing
white people and cops okay
rules need to have clear lines of
demarcation okay rules need to have
teeth rules need to have consequences
you have to know when you're breaking
the rule and you have to know what the
consequence is gonna be for breaking
like you get kicked out of the Liberal
Party like you get kicked out of black
lives matter or they disavow what you've
said because it's clearly in
contradiction to their their
constitution the problem is this
Constitution is so vague noting
contradiction and you'll never be able
to figure out what is they're really
trying to say loving engagement quote we
are committed to embodying and
practicing justice liberation and peace
in our agents with others watch the news
footage look at the list of statements
from their leaders what does that really
mean how are they going to accomplish it
we're start of just this quote we are
committed to collectively lovingly and
courageously working vigorously for
freedom and justice for black people
freedom and justice and by extension all
people as we forge our path we
intentionally build and nurture a
Beloved Community that is bonded
together through a beautiful struggle
that is restorative not to plead it
restorative not the plea
you tell me what that statement means
does it mean that riots and murder are
not okay
what is restorative and not the pleading
the only thing in that statement that
makes any sense
was talking about building a community
what does that mean let's look up the
section on community okay so if you
donate money to these people what are
they gonna do with it they're gonna
build a community that's the only thing
I know so far they're also committed to
empathy but we read that part of the
Constitution and we couldn't figure out
what the hell that meant okay gonna
build the community so now we click on
black villages let's find it about the
community quote we are committed to
disrupting the Western proscribed
nuclear family by supporting each other
as extended families and villages that
collectively care for one another and
especially our children to the degree
that mothers parents and children are
comfortable you interpret this for me
people what the hell does that mean if
you donate money to black lives matter
are they going to open a bunch of
shelters are they gonna open daycare
centers they're gonna disrupt the
Western family how are you going to
disrupt the Western nuclear family how
how are you gonna replace it with
collective care for one another in
villages do you mean you're actually
gonna build villages with wood with
bricks with mortar are you gonna build
daycare centers you got a budget
apparently of over 100 million dollars
you could open some daycare centers
wouldn't hurt is that what black lives
matter is about or you are you
exclusively about that and you're not
about threatening to kill cops in the
streets what reading every word of this
set of guiding principles black lives
matter completely fails communicate to
you either positively what it is they're
trying to accomplish or negatively what
means and what methods they refuse to
employ and that second category is
crucial it's crucially important people
it's so important we even if you're a
vegan organization even if you're a
Buddhist organization you've got to put
down in your constitution what is your
position on
racism do you exclude racists what is
your position on you know violent
protests what is your position on think
through every argument you don't want to
have you don't want to divide the
organization internally what is your
position on abortion what is your
position on Israel I know it sounds
ridiculous but the Green Party of Canada
just tore itself apart nobody cares what
the Green Party of Canada says about
Israel but because they didn't have a
constitutional statement on that they
tore themselves apart debating what the
Green Party of Canada's position on
Israeli foreign policy Israeli
settlements Israeli peace treaty should
be right nobody's listening but they're
accusing each other over it all those
issues you've got to sit down and
writing in the Constitution and then
they become in some ways a barrier to
entry or they set up a clear line where
when someone in your organization says
something that's way over the line
someone in your organization says
something racist violent offensive
something that discredits you you can
say hey what they said does not
represent us does not represent what
organization is about and if you don't
believe me just read the Constitution
that's the end of this video I'm just
gonna say about myself I promise to at
the beginning my background I said on
Twitter recently most of these people on
YouTube never talk about their real-life
work experience and how it biases them
in politics but at the same time they
were approached me for talking openly
about mine so again I'm just quoting
myself off of Twitter here when I talk
about Cambodia the Kree etc I'm not
boasting
I'm telling you clearly this is the bias
that I bring to vegan politics okay I
don't have experience organizing in
Chicago I organizing disgruntled
african-american youth I have no
experience of that kind I don't have
experience doing prison activism in the
United States with black Americans who
feel they've been wrongly convicted or
if they've experienced police brutality
but I have no experience of that kind
the reason why so many of my videos
mention it than humanitarian work in
Laos I've done research linked to
humanitarian work in Cambodia I have
this really strange background linked to
Korea Najib way and First Nations I'm
not boasting I'm telling you again
again down to the level of the fact that
I used to work in a Starbucks the fact
that I used to work behind the counter
of a grocery store I'm telling you this
is my life experience this is my work
experience and it does bias me it also
motivates me it gives me passion I hope
you can feel the passion coming across
the camera right now I'm not gonna
pretend to be an expert in something I'm
not but I am gonna say to you hey I have
a different perspective I can come here
on YouTube and use up 13 minutes of your
time and try to share that perspective
you maybe you can learn something from
it maybe we can learn something from
each other and you know what the damn
shame of the thing is an organization
like black lives matter they have the
opportunity of a decade to make a
positive difference in the world and I
hope they take it
I hope they turn things around I hope
they sit down and look at their own
constitution and realize that they need
a constitution that actually constitutes
something they need guiding principles
that will actually give them guidance
they need definitions that positively
state what is the future they want to
achieve what is the road they're gonna
take to get there and most importantly
of all they need to clearly say what
methods they exclude and I hope they
will unambiguously commit to excluding
violence because as vegan gains themself
says if you don't if you don't commit to
nonviolent methods then you do sooner or
later slide down the slippery slope into
terrorism they use fear intimidation and
violence to push their political agenda
which is the definition of terrorism
guys I hope you turn it around but
Lucien